Add auto generate dataservices docs (#4791)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/integration-tutorials/sending-a-simple-message-to-a-datasource.md

       
4.  Save the resource.

!!!	Tip

>     Alternatively, you can generate a dataservice from a datasource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, you can generate a data service from a datasource. 
```

>     You can refer [Generate Data Services]({{base_path}}/integrate/develop/creating-artifacts/data-services/creating-data-services/#generate-data-service-from-a-datasource)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, refer [Generate Data Services]({{base_path}}/integrate/develop/creating-artifacts/data-services/creating-data-services/#generate-data-service-from-a-datasource).
```
